== WikiWarp

WikiWarp is intended to be a "game with a purpose", a game played by human participants 
whose strategic gameplay results in the solving of computational tasks that are difficult for 
computers alone to perform. Other games of this sort include image labeling and aggregation of 
common sense knowledge [1].

This game's computational target is measuring the semantic relatedness between different ideas 
and concepts, for example "prison" and "democracy". The accurate aggregation of such meta-information, 
or even a small improvement on current methods of aggregation, has powerful applications including 
search engine technology and advertising.

Playing WikiWarp, you'll be placed on a *start page* on Wikipedia and instructed to navigate 
through the links of the website to arrive at a specified *target page*. You'll be scored
on the total time of your successful warp as well as the number of links you click along the way,
and in the future you might even get to race against other players in real time.

The paths constructed between disparate topics contain some information 
about their semantic relatedness, and the goal of the game is to encourage high-volume 
production of this user-generated information.

== How to Play

The goal of WikiWarp is to navigate through the linked pages of Wikipedia to arrive at 
a target page in the shortest amount of time and/or using the fewest number of links.

There are a variety of game types, including:

* *featured games* that use hand-selected start and target pages for exciting and informative warping
* *random games* that use completely random start and target pages from Wikipedia
* *custom games* in which the user can choose their own start and target pages

At every step of each of these games, the user is presented with a page that looks like 
[this] (https://github.com/nsrivast/wikiwarp/blob/master/public/images/how_to_play_mod.png).

Game statistics are visible in the blue status bar, and below that is a reproduction of the
Wikipedia page currently being viewed. Click on any of the links that will get you closer
to the target.

== About
This application was created by <a href="http://www.nikhilsrivastava.com">Nikhil Srivastava</a> in 2009, 
and was maintained in partial fulfillment of the requirements for [this course] (http://www.eecs.harvard.edu/cs286r/)

== References

* [www.GWAP.com] (http://www.gwap.com/) - a collection of other games with a purpose</li>

* [Games with a Purpose - Louis von Ahn] (www.cs.cmu.edu/~biglou/ieee-gwap.pdf)

* [Semantic relatedness] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_relatedness)
	